community.md, before:

---
layout: simple
title: Community
---

## Getting started

The most important resources for those new to the SAFE Network are:

- [safenetwork.tech](https://safenetwork.tech/) – a website about the SAFE Network that contains many useful pages such as:
  - [How It Works](https://safenetwork.tech/how-it-works/)
  - [Safecoin](https://safenetwork.tech/safecoin/)
  - [FAQ](https://safenetwork.tech/faq/)
- [safenetforum.org](https://safenetforum.org/) – the main discussion forum of the SAFE Network community

If you are a developer, we also recommend looking at these resources:

- [hub.safedev.org](https://hub.safedev.org/) – documentation and tutorials for developers who want to build apps that use the SAFE API
- [forum.safedev.org](https://forum.safedev.org/) – a discussion forum about the core libraries and APIs of the SAFE Network

## Apps

- [apps.safenetwork.org](https://apps.safenetwork.org/)
- [#apps](https://safenetforum.org/c/apps)

## Support

Here are the best places to ask for help:

- Ask questions on the [SAFE Network Forum](https://safenetforum.org/) (e.g., in [#support](https://safenetforum.org/c/support))
- Get live support on [#safenetwork:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safenetwork:matrix.org)

## News

The best way to follow the progress of the SAFE Network is to read the weekly dev updates, which are published every Thursday in [#updates](https://safenetforum.org/c/development/updates).<br>
For less frequent updates, you can follow the [SAFE Network Medium publication](https://medium.com/safenetwork).

We also recommend:

- [@maidsafe](https://twitter.com/maidsafe) on Twitter
- [#press](https://safenetforum.org/c/press)

## Chats

The [SAFE Network Forum](https://safenetforum.org) is great for having in-depth discussions on subjects related to the SAFE Network. But in some cases, maybe you don't feel like creating a new topic. For example, you might prefer to first ask your question in a chat room and only create a new topic if necessary.

The [#safenetwork:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safenetwork:matrix.org) room can be used for general discussion about the SAFE Network, and it's a good place to ask for help. It's bridged with the [@safenetwork](https://t.me/safenetwork) Telegram group, the [#general](https://discord.gg/0ak6ESm4oAR3oXik) channel of the SAFE Network Discord server and the [safenetwork/general](https://gitter.im/safenetwork/general) Gitter room.

The [#safenetwork-dev:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safenetwork-dev:matrix.org) room can be used for technical discussion about the core libraries and APIs of the SAFE Network, and it's a good place to talk with other developers. It's bridged with the [@safedev](https://t.me/safedev) Telegram group, the [#development](https://discord.gg/KPfJXgW) channel of the SAFE Network Discord server and the [safenetwork/development](https://gitter.im/safenetwork/development) Gitter room.

The [#safemarkets:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safemarkets:matrix.org) room can be used for discussion about MaidSafeCoin/Safecoin and other cryptocurrency trading chat. It's bridged with the [@maidsafecoin](https://t.me/maidsafecoin) Telegram group and the [#trading](https://discord.gg/MzjRRXv) channel of the SAFE Network Discord server.

Any messages you post in the Matrix rooms mentioned above will automatically show up on Telegram, Discord and Gitter (and vice versa: if other users post messages on Telegram, Discord or Gitter, you will receive them via Matrix).

## Reddit

We mainly use the [r/safenetwork](https://www.reddit.com/r/safenetwork) subreddit.

Previously, we were also using the r/maidsafe subreddit, but MaidSafe decided to archive r/maidsafe so that we can all focus our attention on r/safenetwork. [See this post](https://safenetforum.org/t/reddit-migration-to-r-safenetwork/20334) for more info.

## Meetup groups

SAFE Network enthusiasts meet periodically in [meetup groups](/meetup-groups/). It's a great introduction to the community and a great way to learn and socialize with other people with a similar interest. Meetups are usually informal and open to everyone.

See also [#events](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/events).

## Development

- [DevHub](https://hub.safedev.org/)
- [SAFE Dev Forum](https://forum.safedev.org/)
- [GitHub repositories](https://github.com/maidsafe)
- [SAFE Network RFCs](https://github.com/maidsafe/rfcs/blob/master/RFCs-by-status.md)
- [Roadmap](https://safenetwork.tech/timeline/#Roadmap)
- [#development](https://safenetforum.org/c/development)

## Blog posts

- [SAFE Network Medium publication](https://medium.com/safenetwork)
- [metaquestions.me](https://metaquestions.me)
- [safecrossroads.net](https://safecrossroads.net/categories/#articles)
- [#blog-posts](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/blog-posts)

## Podcasts

- [SAFE Crossroads Podcast](https://safecrossroads.net/categories/#podcasts)
- [#podcasts](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/podcasts)

## Videos

- [Promotional Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7GqwP0KrKTrk-mpXxPb1l-oyfTHoZIdK)
- [Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7GqwP0KrKTqUKiSCDCRQDiRhznbeZjRu)
- [MaidSafe YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChDck5R_C9i6XTrS66tbwOw)
- [#videos](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/videos)

Commit message:

add link to Network Fundamentals

community.md, after:

---
layout: simple
title: Community
---

## Getting started

The most important resources for those new to the SAFE Network are:

- [safenetwork.tech](https://safenetwork.tech/) – a website about the SAFE Network that contains many useful pages such as:
  - [Network Fundamentals](https://safenetwork.tech/fundamentals/)
  - [How It Works](https://safenetwork.tech/how-it-works/)
  - [Safecoin](https://safenetwork.tech/safecoin/) (only the proxy token [MAID](https://safenetwork.tech/faq/#how-do-i-buy-safecoin) is available at the moment)
  - [FAQ](https://safenetwork.tech/faq/)
- [safenetforum.org](https://safenetforum.org/) – the main discussion forum of the SAFE Network community

If you are a developer, we also recommend looking at these resources:

- [hub.safedev.org](https://hub.safedev.org/) – documentation and tutorials for developers who want to build apps that use the SAFE API
- [forum.safedev.org](https://forum.safedev.org/) – a discussion forum about the core libraries and APIs of the SAFE Network

## Apps

- [apps.safenetwork.org](https://apps.safenetwork.org/)
- [#apps](https://safenetforum.org/c/apps)

## Support

Here are the best places to ask for help:

- Ask questions on the [SAFE Network Forum](https://safenetforum.org/) (e.g., in [#support](https://safenetforum.org/c/support))
- Get live support on [#safenetwork:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safenetwork:matrix.org)

## News

The best way to follow the progress of the SAFE Network is to read the weekly dev updates, which are published every Thursday in [#updates](https://safenetforum.org/c/development/updates).<br>
For less frequent updates, you can follow the [SAFE Network Medium publication](https://medium.com/safenetwork).

We also recommend:

- [@maidsafe](https://twitter.com/maidsafe) on Twitter
- [#press](https://safenetforum.org/c/press)

## Chats

The [SAFE Network Forum](https://safenetforum.org) is great for having in-depth discussions on subjects related to the SAFE Network. But in some cases, maybe you don't feel like creating a new topic. For example, you might prefer to first ask your question in a chat room and only create a new topic if necessary.

The [#safenetwork:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safenetwork:matrix.org) room can be used for general discussion about the SAFE Network, and it's a good place to ask for help. It's bridged with the [@safenetwork](https://t.me/safenetwork) Telegram group, the [#general](https://discord.gg/0ak6ESm4oAR3oXik) channel of the SAFE Network Discord server and the [safenetwork/general](https://gitter.im/safenetwork/general) Gitter room.

The [#safenetwork-dev:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safenetwork-dev:matrix.org) room can be used for technical discussion about the core libraries and APIs of the SAFE Network, and it's a good place to talk with other developers. It's bridged with the [@safedev](https://t.me/safedev) Telegram group, the [#development](https://discord.gg/KPfJXgW) channel of the SAFE Network Discord server and the [safenetwork/development](https://gitter.im/safenetwork/development) Gitter room.

The [#safemarkets:matrix.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#safemarkets:matrix.org) room can be used for discussion about MaidSafeCoin/Safecoin and other cryptocurrency trading chat. It's bridged with the [@maidsafecoin](https://t.me/maidsafecoin) Telegram group and the [#trading](https://discord.gg/MzjRRXv) channel of the SAFE Network Discord server.

Any messages you post in the Matrix rooms mentioned above will automatically show up on Telegram, Discord and Gitter (and vice versa: if other users post messages on Telegram, Discord or Gitter, you will receive them via Matrix).

## Reddit

We mainly use the [r/safenetwork](https://www.reddit.com/r/safenetwork) subreddit.

Previously, we were also using the r/maidsafe subreddit, but MaidSafe decided to archive r/maidsafe so that we can all focus our attention on r/safenetwork. [See this post](https://safenetforum.org/t/reddit-migration-to-r-safenetwork/20334) for more info.

## Meetup groups

SAFE Network enthusiasts meet periodically in [meetup groups](/meetup-groups/). It's a great introduction to the community and a great way to learn and socialize with other people with a similar interest. Meetups are usually informal and open to everyone.

See also [#events](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/events).

## Development

- [DevHub](https://hub.safedev.org/)
- [SAFE Dev Forum](https://forum.safedev.org/)
- [GitHub repositories](https://github.com/maidsafe)
- [SAFE Network RFCs](https://github.com/maidsafe/rfcs/blob/master/RFCs-by-status.md)
- [Roadmap](https://safenetwork.tech/timeline/#Roadmap)
- [#development](https://safenetforum.org/c/development)

## Blog posts

- [SAFE Network Medium publication](https://medium.com/safenetwork)
- [metaquestions.me](https://metaquestions.me)
- [safecrossroads.net](https://safecrossroads.net/categories/#articles)
- [#blog-posts](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/blog-posts)

## Podcasts

- [SAFE Crossroads Podcast](https://safecrossroads.net/categories/#podcasts)
- [#podcasts](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/podcasts)

## Videos

- [Promotional Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7GqwP0KrKTrk-mpXxPb1l-oyfTHoZIdK)
- [Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7GqwP0KrKTqUKiSCDCRQDiRhznbeZjRu)
- [MaidSafe YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChDck5R_C9i6XTrS66tbwOw)
- [#videos](https://safenetforum.org/c/community/videos)
