README.md, before:

# safenetwork.org

> This repository contains the source files for [safenetwork.org](https://safenetwork.org).

## Contributing

By contributing to this website, you dedicate your work to the public domain and relinquish any copyright claims under the terms of the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

### Submitting a pull request

- [Fork this GitHub repository](https://github.com/safenetwork/safenetwork.org/fork) and clone your fork locally on your computer.
- Install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and other dependencies with the command `make install`*
- Test out your changes with the command `make serve`
- When you're happy, push your changes up and open a pull request.

\* You should ensure you have [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) installed.

If you're not sure how to open a pull request, feel free to <a href="https://github.com/safenetwork/safenetwork.org/issues/new">open an issue</a> instead.

## Credits

The layout was inspired by [v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com](https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/).

## Public domain

This website is [dedicated to the public domain](https://github.com/safenetwork/safenetwork.org/blob/master/LICENSE.md) under the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Commit message:

update SAFE Network Primer link

README.md, after:

# safenetwork.org

> This repository contains the source files for [safenetwork.org](https://safenetwork.org).

The SAFE Network is a secure, decentralized P2P network being developed by [MaidSafe](https://github.com/maidsafe).

## Contributing

By contributing to this website, you dedicate your work to the public domain and relinquish any copyright claims under the terms of the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

### Submitting a pull request

- [Fork this GitHub repository](https://github.com/safenetwork/safenetwork.org/fork) and clone your fork locally on your computer.
- Install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and other dependencies with the command `make install`*
- Test out your changes with the command `make serve`
- When you're happy, push your changes up and open a pull request.

\* You should ensure you have [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) installed.

If you're not sure how to open a pull request, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/safenetwork/safenetwork.org/issues/new) instead.

## Credits

The layout was inspired by [v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com](https://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/).

## Public domain

This website is [dedicated to the public domain](https://github.com/safenetwork/safenetwork.org/blob/master/LICENSE) under the [CC0 Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
